are you looking for a site for you
fifa 15 ultimate team coins
then check www.vvv.nl in the description
You see yo moment before we go
start now look to see this because
what to fuck that how the often how that
play that what the video is sorry for
shower stolen a bike or are true
then only one you guys do
bran there player is our want against az
a pretty good book wherever I feel
I often play pharmacy and this one
already in this series and we come here one
zero behind that is the now then I thought
hey wait i'm going to make that comeback
make and physiology you know I changed
well then you can wait day we have
just of course we are lost
no one still fifth
ok okay nights with 30 points and white mine
actually so
their or so we can be your
google first be harder than
difficult
2 knives to say heerenveen one
fairly good team and years in peat
not much to bring it was just me
a little watts of coaches
the school they shot and what me
of course always shots
And yes it wasn't really that much now
already here from a nice cross from July
and then of course it always beats it
and so to me with an over and that is
very beautiful because that was beautiful indeed
connection if we would win this on the
or the top actually back on us
for example psv
that you have just got 2 points more than
U.S
annual then you come to that norm gate u
here at the keeper who shoots that and
he quotes his knife there in the riziv
vote minute and I also wanted yes
heerenveen in the end not really whole
much to bring in will be the few
shots
the will actually not very much anymore
opportunities than our new this is ours
stats so far and see you on the list
or we will not be in Feyenoord soon
want there was the Feyenoord match
actually very starting point
9th minute but I have a whole one here
nice closure which drove that red and
Don't worry if we make it clear
also played immediately because feyenoord
a pretty good team without me
anyway can not win
so that match three we go according to
me oh yes we had 0 0 plays arne
I thought so yes I know a lot about what we do
have done
new all that became second law she needs you
unfortunately not participate
I actually thought it was a bit like that
boy can take a lead afterwards
come back to one thing and one heap
but that the ball fell well
that we finally got up again
you know you get a head start
usually it is so disappointing that we
of course two again find out and
before you know it punishment told me again
and looked behind you and it is now oh
the 3 1 and a headscarf group just that
three two but that is unfortunately already there
no more and it becomes 4 one for
feyenoord
and then you might see one
play part of their pee in addition
we again against Heerenveen Euros per
sick of that clubman all the time
heerenveen is nothing against friezes or something
but hot tea mr the same place
players also no where not from here
Currently scholten tomatoes chicken legs
discover who do you want very beautiful
typing then your bow would do
specified and you must always do this
keep away from wise real striker and that
so do you put it with an oval in it
13 him now against fcv heerenveen and one
whatever the pan killed i took i can take away
sv yellow-white osv she just svm level
understand you and that is very beautiful
Then comes heerenveen own church which
the idea that his idea door to shoot
because rocks I think that was a bit
walk around before the goal like now and then
in one go above who you lead we
then take action must un dia both
one or you and then you always know
what will happen yogi who pours and
so no 2 to 0 in the night
mixture minute and finally one
dream start were that long gone
occasionally also two times
goals it might want it too
a little bit the match of yours and
die the wall
after that came a few more chances
so much what jenny shoots him whole
nice and I found myself in the corner and yogi
tear will peel had this
match oh well what does it matter we
have 9.6 as a rating
and we are also one
is it called to go higher we are 75 in
instead of 74 so you do well
And then we also hope that we will
season and transfer to
a club like psv ajax
in which you make millions look live
on a tea at the game against az
against him a message from someone
and I'm not too lazy not to
read
he asked me from or on the kumkum
Sunday lunar operation was their Sunday or
how did you feel if we why was there
no pussy from my wife i just pure
then yes i know i'm 3 series
stopped and rewarding with an argument for
it is now too difficult to record
and it is really true of it is real
very difficult to record and it is not
because I play is so difficult but it is
no more because the fire and chant I can
very difficult to record but you know then
I have to put everything
sure that a connoisseur knows how to do it
is not really useful
and also sit and fifa videos much more
time like this kind of videos for you
all those images must go first
and we will see what examples do you have
what are you going to use and then again
sometime that talk about it in it
this series than new guys i want you
thank you for watching your video
he forgets a blue duimpje allowed to
give a response and again
leave with what I could do better
and i think this is very about one
times a week because of the
members very much more times and usually
I say ultimate team and instead
of this
and although the for numbers it is against
feyenoord you are sure to be there on the
bbq of city after the lost cup something
last 16 or so boys i want women
and I'll see you next time
weather
Yes